mc updates for RELEASE.2022-12-02T23-48-47Z (#667)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc-admin/mc-admin-logs.rst

=================
``mc admin logs``
=================

.. default-domain:: minio

.. contents:: Table of Contents
   :local:
   :depth: 1

.. mc:: mc support logs show
.. mc:: mc admin logs

.. include:: /includes/common-mc-support.rst
   :start-after: start-minio-only
   :end-before: end-minio-only

.. versionchanged:: RELEASE.2022-12-02T23-48-47Z

>    ``mc support logs`` moved to ``mc admin logs`` and provide a simpler command interface for displaying console logs for the MinIO deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``mc support logs`` moved to ``mc admin logs`` and provides a simpler command interface for displaying server logs for the MinIO deployment.
```

I think? I prefer "server logs" because it's not ambiguous with the actual Console.

Reviewer: Could also state that the output is similar to what is available via `journalctl -uf minio` for systemd-controlled MinIO deployments.

Description
-----------

.. start-mc-admin-logs-desc

> Use the :mc-cmd:`mc admin logs` command to show MinIO console logs.

Reviewer: same thought w.r.t. console -> server

Author: Done
